[Music]
got some fucking zits dude god dammit I
hate being a teenager what is going on
everybody my name is Connor you guys can
call me spear today holy shit
is this a requested video this is
literally the most requested video I
think I've ever seen on my channel the
fucking hole is still there it's
literally still there I punched that
hole like three weeks ago three weeks
ago and it's still not fixed I might be
the laziest person on this planet
literally literally anyways what is
going on everybody my name is Connor you
guys can call me superior bringing you
guys the most highly requested video I
think on my channel ever and that is
battle Weaver versus scuff about a week
ago I made a video titled a cheaper
better scuf controller uh and it was me
unboxing the battle beaver I went a
little bit into in depth on why it was
better than stuff but everybody wanted
me to elaborate and well that's what
this video it is basically I have
numerous scuff controllers here and one
battle beaver and we're gonna compare
them we're going to take a look and
we're going to compare every single
aspect of all the controllers and
hopefully at the end of the video you
guys will be able to decide which one
you want to buy and which one is better
the unboxing video that I made received
a lot of positive feedback and battle
beaver received a bunch of orders and
you guys seemed to really really like it
however there were a few haters in the
comments that left things like you know
superior you're just salty because
you're not sponsored by scuff anymore
and to that I want to say that when I
first got sponsored by scuff I signed a
one-year contract with them and that
one-year contract basically said you
know you're sponsored by us you have a
discount code and for each code that you
know somebody uses you get like 10% of
the for each codes used I got a little
cut
also another comment I saw a lot was
that I was just being paid to promote
them and I'm being paid by battle beaver
um to that I want to say I've never been
in contact with battle beaver they don't
follow me on Twitter I don't have their
email address I they never even liked
one of my tweets and I tagged them in a
lot of tweets and I have a video of with
over a hundred thousand views on boxing
their controller and I've never been in
contact with them I have no contract I
do have a discount code on their website
I think I might get a cut um like if you
it's like ten percent off I think I
might get that ten percent I'm not a
hundred percent sure I like I said I
don't have a formal contract with them
the whole deal or the whole me getting a
controller for free was all mediated
through one of my managers who had a
contact at battle beaver and basically
said hey this guy used to work with
scuff he doesn't like them anymore you
guys are a similar company send them a
controller and maybe he'll take your
product and well that's what I'm doing
because I like the product so no I am
NOT being paid except for maybe a
portion of the people that use my
discount code but there's not even a
formal contract to enforce that so it's
like they could just keep the money so
no I am NOT being paid to say good
things about battle fever and I want to
make that clear what you guys are
looking at right now is all of the stuff
that I currently have I've had way more
scuffs than these over like the history
at me being a Call of Duty player but
these are just the ones that I kept
let's be honest if you had a broken
controller what's what's the point in
keeping it you know I mean especially
because I moved a lot in the past two
years so these are just the scuff
controllers that I have and not a single
one of them work each one of these
except for maybe this one I think this
is like a $150 or no probably like it's
got trigger stops like $120 controller
but other than that all of these are
literally like $250 pimped-out
controllers and every single one of them
broke within two months as a matter of
fact this one showed up in the mail
broken it literally came in the mail not
working this one I smashed against the
wall in black ops three came out so I
mean this one was my fault
there was nothing I could do about that
you know this one are okay no there was
there it's not scuffs well this one was
my fault I accept responsibility for
this one
you know stuff gets a freebie that's my
fault now what happened to this
controller is the paddle stopped working
on scuff controllers how they work is
they have paddles and when you push the
paddle it hits a button like when you
push it you see the button right there
when you so you're hitting a button
you're hitting the pedal which is
hitting a button which means more moving
parts and what happened on this
controller is this thumb stick doesn't
click at all like you can't sprint with
this controller at all it doesn't work
also the paddles stopped working like
when you click it it just doesn't do
that like this should be B and this
should be a but neither of them work
they just don't like register at all
when I push them with this controller
before I ripped the paddles off the
paddles just stopped working I had to
rip the paddles off because they were
fucked up and what I mean by that when I
push the paddle it wouldn't hit the
button you see the button right there
normally that the paddles right there so
when you push the paddle it hits the
button and for some reason the paddle
fucked up and would just stop hitting
the button so I ripped the paddles off
and would literally play and manually
push these ridiculously small buttons
which isn't convenient whatsoever so
this controller scuffle also I want to
note the thumb sticks look how gross
that is like do you see that that's
pretty disgusting remember this for
later in the video
now scuff isn't all bad okay there are
some areas in which scuff does compete
and even beat battle beaver and one of
those is the pro grip do you see the
texture on this controller
it's literally like some sprayable
sticky adhesive that when you feel it
like it's it's sticky you know if you
play your hands are not going to sweat
and I really like this I really really
like this this is an awesome feature it
feels cool on your hands your hands
don't get sweaty it's just it's just a
nice feature and that's something that
battle beaver doesn't have if you see
with the specific blue tiger I got it is
kind of plasticky so if I play for a
long long time
my
hands will get a little bit slippery but
that's not the biggest deal because I
mean as long as you're gripped onto the
thumb sticks and who cares if your hands
are slippery also look at the thumb
sticks if you see I got the domed ps3
thumb sticks they last so much longer
than the one scuff you scuff used to use
these thumb sticks like if you buy a
scuf controller and select dome thumb
sticks they used to give you these but
now they give you these that have like
the scuff logo on them and they break so
fast they just feel like such lower
quality you can bend them with your
fingers scuff if you're watching this go
back to your old thumb sticks these
breaks so fast my Twitter timeline is I
go on Twitter at least once a week and
see somebody like a picture of
somebody's thumb stick just broken in
half fix it okay it's such stop with the
logo shit get rid of it stop one of the
biggest advantages that scuff has on
battle beaver is the infinity basically
what the infinity is if you see the
rings around the controller basically
you can change the thumbsticks at any
time just by using this tool and they'll
give you a little you know pack of thumb
sticks with short medium and long and
then you can change them whenever you
want which is nice and convenient and I
guess solves the thumbstick braking
problem but that means there's more
moving parts all of my stuff infinities
and everybody I know that has had a scuf
infinity has had their infinity break
faster than their non scuf infinity so
basically scuf infinity equals more
moving parts which equals breaking
faster so I wouldn't really recommend it
I also am NOT a fan of the paddles on
the scuff like scuff was the first
people to make a controller with buttons
on the back why did they put the paddles
like what is the need for the paddles
why not just put a button like Vatel
beaver when you add paddles all that
does is add more moving parts and more
shit to break and more stuff to go wrong
so that is why I least I don't know I
prefer the buttons over paddles maybe
that's just a preference thing but if
you think about it logically the buttons
are going to last longer because the
scuff is buttons too you're just
pressing it with a big paddle scuffs are
also
a more expensive although we talked a
lot about scuff and I covered how all my
skill controllers have broken what the
problems have been let's move on to the
battle beaver now I'm going to point out
some cons with the battle beaver as well
I'm not just gonna like deep throat
battle beaver the entire video don't
worry this controller is going to get
some heat to the first point I want to
make is one it's cheaper than scuff this
controller is cheaper than this
controller so I mean if you want it
controller with buttons on the back and
you don't want to spend a lot of money
like this one's cheaper also the thumb
sticks I already talked about that not
only can you get different lengths I
just got the normal length dome you can
get medium tall short and you can also
customize the tightness and this is
something that I don't know why scuff
gaming hasn't added I got my thumb stick
set to the 360 controller tightness they
literally made my thumb sticks tighter
so they're more difficult to move you
can get them like a hundred percent
tighter 50 percent tighter 50 percent
looser a hundred percent looser like
however there's so many options to
customize with the thumb sticks that
it's unbelievable just scuff can't even
compare when it comes to customization
options next is the trigger stops if you
see on the scuff controller that's their
trigger stop you see that little thing
that comes out right there basically
what a trigger stop is it just makes it
so there's less time between I guess
shots if you're using a single shot
weapon so you're not wasting all the
extra time for your like finger to push
the button all the way down it'll just
let it go down far enough to where it'll
register that it's shot and if you look
on battle beaver this is their trigger
stop ready look how much less movement
there is look at that
that's not even comparable
like there's no comparison there's less
movement on the trigger then there is
one of the buttons on the controller
which is insane I can't tell you
it's literally like having a modded
controller every time you use a pistol
you can shoot pistols and single-shot
weapons ridiculously fast and it's a
genius idea honestly it really is also
when I ordered my battle beaver it was
to my door in five days five days
however you have to keep in mind that
was before I made a video that is over a
hundred thousand views talking about
battle beaver and it's the holiday
season so I think both of those combines
are probably going to be pretty flooded
with orders and I'm on the battle
beavers site right now and you can even
purchase a controller like they're so
flooded with orders and so many people
are switching from stuff to battle
beaver that they're shy or shy that's
not even a word but their site is
literally like you can't buy controllers
on it right now so if you are interested
in a battle beaver I'll throw the link
in the description however you might
have to wait a day or two for them to
put their controllers back up because
they have so many orders now my biggest
complaint with battle beaver is the UM
the grip I guess now like I said you can
get sweaty or I do get sweaty when I use
this controller just because if you look
it's a really shiny material and you can
see how that you know it would get
sweaty on your hands however I think
that was just because of the like the
camo color thing that I bought if you
look at scuff has the exact uses the
exact same it's just I bought like the
fucking blue tiger one and like the
scuff does the same thing just don't buy
the one I did you know what I mean like
buy a different texture one and you can
get makes sense on the website you'll
see what I'm talking about but don't buy
one with this plastic I wish they had
something like the scuff grip but sadly
they don't they're partnered with squid
grip which is like this plastic big
thing that you put around the side of
your controller but I don't really want
to put some like you know wrap around my
controller that's kind of aids you know
I mean one of the questions I saw in the
comments of the last video everybody was
serious about the buttons on the back
and how they actually work and you know
people were asking like superior what if
that's not like naturally where my
fingers lay like if that's not in the
right spot you know I hold the
controller weird if you play claw you
know there's so many different things
that could affect if your finger is
comfortably placed on the buttons or not
and when you're creating the controller
there's numerous different options you
can put the button wherever you want on
the back of the controller so make sure
before you buy your battle beaver look
at the controller look how you hold it
and see where you want the buttons place
to where it'll be most comfortable and
most convenient for you when you're
playing honestly at this point in the
video you're probably asking yourself
why is like scuff even a company I guess
and it's just that scuff was the first
people in the gaming industry to come
out with a button on the back controller
like they were the first people and they
established this standard in the
community everybody is sponsored by
scuff and it's just the norm you know
what I'm saying it's just normal that if
you want to controller with buttons on
the back you go to scuff gaming comm
that's just how it is all the youtubers
promote it all the streamers promote it
all the pros promote scuff everybody
promotes scuff but when in reality their
product isn't better and there are
better companies out there making
similar products for cheaper that are
better last longer and just better I'm
not trying to break that norm I'm not
trying to break that status quo or
whatever I'm just trying to give you
guys the option and open your eyes to
other options if you still decide to go
with scuff gaming after watching this
video then that's dope but personally
it's like this is more durable it's
better is more options and it's cheaper
like why wouldn't you buy the battle
beaver you know anyway like I said I
wasn't paid anything to make this video
I might get a percent of the discount
codes I'm not sure I have to talk to
them if they ever follow me on Twitter I
don't know if that's ever going to
happen hopefully one day I mean they're
not the biggest company in the world I
would wish they would acknowledge me on
Twitter battle beaver if you're watching
this just acknowledge my existence
follow me send me a tweet
because I like you guys and I really oh
also look at this this is the case that
battle beaver sent me now scuff does you
use a similar case it's like the same
type of thing look how big it is you
know this is like a gun carrying case
like if I got pulled over and they saw
this in the backseat I bet that cop
withdraws his gun on me man because this
is a heavy duty case so I'm happy about
this it's just a nice touch you know I
hope you guys enjoyed the video I hope I
inform you feel free to buy a scuf if
you want one but personally I would
recommend battle beaver coming from
somebody who has you stuff for a long
time I have been a scuf user since
modern warfare 3 that's when I got this
stuff
look at this scuff is so old it's before
they even started putting scuff gaming
on their paddles like that is how old
this scuf controller is like the paddles
things are rusted there's literally rust
on this controller that's how long I've
been a scuff user and I guess a scuff
fan but it's finally gotten to the point
where I take too many broken controllers
I don't fuck with that company anymore
and I'm distancing myself from them and
battle Weaver is gonna be the company
that hopefully I'll be working with that
like I said they're not paying me any
money or anything and I don't know
that's battle beaver dog battle beaver
hope you guys enjoyed the video feel
free to smash the thumbs up button let
me know your thoughts down in the
description I'll leave the links to both
scuffed gaming and battle beaver in the
description so you guys can go and I
guess look at or by whichever one you
decided you liked more if you actually
wanted one however you know battle
beaver does is like out of stock since
it's the holidays so wait a day or two
it'll be back up I'm sure of it
hope you guys enjoyed subscribe to the
channel if you guys are new and I'll
catch you all later peace out